Abdul kimid joins the everwing number of
children Shattered by the war in Gaza
his entire family was injured in an
Israeli
bombardment his parents sent him to a
hospital in Khan yunas hoping he recover
soon a relative who lives in the area is
now looking after
him Abdul kareim lost a hand and has
shrapnel in the eye the hospital told us
there's nothing they can do so we hoped
he could be transferred to Egypt but no
one came to provide help the poor boy
cries the whole time thousands of
children and miners were killed or
missing under the rubble across entire
areas devastated by Israel
bombardment those who survived will
carry the scars of the war for their
entire
lives they all need emotional support
they were bombarded they came here
unconscious and when they woke up they
found themselves in small rooms with
machines they are scared
traumatized Sila is too young to
understand the long way of recovery
ahead she lost her brother and mother in
an air strike when she was finally
rescued her leg and hip were injured by
shrapnel she'll need several surgeries
in the
future when Sila watches children
playing and running she stays alone you
can tell how sad she is she doesn't know
why children don't like to play with her
anymore it breaks my heart to see her
suffering violence in Gaza is
intensifying the Israeli Army is
expanding the scope of its
offensive UNICEF fears hundreds of
children could die every
day we have a huge number of injured
children who received treatment and
should have left the hospital so we can
take knee patients but we canot not send
away because their homes were destroyed
this explains why the hospital is
overcrowded the war is far from over
Gaza is a dangerous place for these
children too young to learn the ways to
cope with tragedy for now all they want
to know is if their parents have been
rescued from under the rubble hashbar Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer